# Description 
There are three projects, including codes for S/U analysis in different processes.  
## GetCommaraMatricesMap
Get the position of the correlation matrices in the covariance matrix.  
## GetCommaraRelativeCovarianceMatrix
Using nuclear data and COMMARA correlation matrix to get relative covariance matrix.
## SerpentSensitivityDataProcess
Process sensitivity data generated by SERPENT.  
  
More information about the three projects, please refer to README.md files in each project.
## SerpentSensitivityDataProcessMatlabWindows
SerpentSensitivityDataProcess code of Matlab version for Windows users.  
  
More details about how to use it, please refer to README.md in directory /SerpentSensitivityDataProcessMatlabWindows/
## SerpentSensitivityDataProcessOctaveLinux
SerpentSensitivityDataProcess code of Octave version for Linux users.  
  
More details about how to use it, please refer to README.md in directory /SerpentSensitivityDataProcessOctaveLinux/

# Usage
- GetCommaraMatricesMap and GetCommaraRelativeCovarianceMatrix are used to generate commaraMatricesMap.index and rcv.mat file, respectively.
Users can use GetCommaraMatricesMap and GetCommaraRelativeCovarianceMatrix code to generate the two index files by themselves. And then
add them to the index directory of SerpentSensitivityDataProcess.
- Or, commaraMatricesMap.index and rcv.mat are included in the index directory of SerpentSensitivityDataProcess so that users can use SerpentSensitivityDataProcess
 directly.
